add basic readme with header graphic (#131)
timewave-computer/valence-protocol: README.md

![valence_header](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d49566c4-337b-44b1-94ce-c57439e15616)

# Valence Protocol

Valence is a cross-chain execution environment for developing trust-minimized multi-party programs.
Valence programs use a resource model to structure control flow, compiling to target domains as a collection of application-specific co-processors.

## Status

> This project is under heavy development, however portions of the toolchain have stabilized to build programs for cross-chain liquidity deployment and multi-party agreements. Programs may be written in a constrained configuration langauge or using rust, though developer documentation for the later is currently quite sparse.

Reviewer: typo: langauge -> language

> This project is under heavy development, however portions of the toolchain have stabilized to build programs for cross-chain liquidity deployment and multi-party agreements. Programs may be written in a constrained configuration langauge or using rust, though developer documentation for the later is currently quite sparse.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This project is under heavy development, however portions of the toolchain have stabilized to build programs for cross-chain liquidity deployment and multi-party agreements. Programs may be written in a constrained configuration language or using Rust, though developer documentation for the latter is currently quite sparse.
```

> This project is under heavy development, however portions of the toolchain have stabilized to build programs for cross-chain liquidity deployment and multi-party agreements. Programs may be written in a constrained configuration language or using rust, though developer documentation for the later is currently quite sparse.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This project is under heavy development, however portions of the toolchain have stabilized to build programs for cross-chain liquidity deployment and multi-party agreements. Programs may be written in a constrained configuration language or using rust, though developer documentation for the latter is currently quite sparse.
```
